It is no secret to anyone that our modern economy is based on simple supply and demand principle. We, the simple humans cannot observe the power of “The Force”- a mysterious energy field created by life that binds the galaxy together, but we can clearly observe the power of the supply and demand forces. The forces of supply and demand interact to affect an equilibrium price between buyers and sellers whereby the quantity of demand equals the quantity of supply. The same applies for the housing market. At any given moment there are always a define number of buyers and sellers in the house market. Sometimes the sellers are more than the buyers, which means more supply than demand and that drives the price to go DOWN. Of course, sometimes we can observe the opposite situation where the buyers are more than the sellers, which means more demand and therefore the price will go UP. Of course, in the real-world the things are a lot more complicated and there are many other factors like federal reserve bank interest rate, government fiscal policies and others, that can influence the price in the house market. For the purpose of this task, we will not take the other factors into consideration.
Your task is to create а Java program that will simulate such housing marketplace.
1)	Create new class RealEstate with the following properties: address, real estate type and real estate square meters.
2)	Create two classes: Seller and Buyer.
3)	Seller will create new real estate objects and will sell them in the house marketplace.
4)	Buyer will go to the house marketplace to buy a home.
5)	All these operations should be constantly repeated until we stop the program. Seller and Buyer classes should implement Runnable interface.
6)	Create new class with name HouseMarketplace with the following properties: list of real estates and current price per square meter. The class should also have two public methods: addRealEstateForSale and buyRealEstate. The first method should accept one real estate object as a parameter and will add it to the list of real estates. The other method will simply remove one random real estate object from the list and will return it. It should also calculate how much is the price of the real estate based on the current market price per square meter.  The current market price per square meter should be appropriate adjusted according to supply and demand principle. That’s why you will need to create another method that will adjust the current market price based on the quantity of the real estates in the list. If the number of real estates is above 300 then the price should be lower with 12% and if the number of real estates is lower than 300 the price should go up with 15%. Make sure to execute this method every time when addRealEstateForSale or buyRealEstate is called.
7)	Now create new class with name SimulateHouseMarketplace with a main method. In the main
      method create multiple Seller and Buyer thread objects. After this step you should have the needed objects to simulate a real-world marketplace that consists of home buyers and sellers.

Hint1: For simplicity, let's assume that the current market price per square meter is 1000 Euro. Please make sure that one real estate is sold to only one buyer, otherwise you can go to jail (proper synchronization). Please add enough info messages, start the program, and observe the results.

Hint2: In SimulateHouseMarketplace you should somehow control number of added and buyed real estates by the different Seller and Buyer threads to prevent the situation that there are no more real estates to buy. You should implement a proper algorithm to simulate both cases:
-	When the number of real estates is more 300, price for square meter is reduced.
-	When the number of real estates is less than 300, price for square meter is increased.
-	You could implement the algorithm with modifying the interval (Thread.sleep()) in which different Seller and Buyer are buying or selling real estates. The interval must be different for simulating both cases with reduced and increased price.
